one
millions of people suffer daily
in the world
many of us pretend not to know
we all have a choice we can make
nothing happens and look in another direction or
face the injustice reality
rape hunger theft betrayal cruelty
trafficking of people murders the list
it's endless you decide you change the
world starts with you
It is common to hear that a picture is worth
more than a thousand words but rarely
between the real occasions there are
images that say more than a thousand words
Carol Guzy the first woman to receive
a Pulitzer Prize as a photographer of
press received its last pulitzer in the
year 2000 for his photographs
moving images of the refugees
in this image to quimsa the a child of 2
years of age overcomes a fence with
thorns wire helped by his
family thousands of refugees from Kosovo will
they gathered and camped in cuc es albania
the photographer carlin code of the angels
times' took this terrible photo during
your mission in liberia where it shows
part of the devastating effects of
civil war that took place there
the capital of liberia monrovia was the
most affected area intense scene
combats between government soldiers and
the rebel forces
in this street we observe the asphalt
completely covered with caps
bullet
[Music]
mladic won the pulitzer prize in 1977
for a series of photographs of
disorder and brutality in the streets
from bangkok thailand
the massacre of the university of
thammasat was performed 6
October 1976 was a very attack
violence against students
they were demonstrating against the field marshal
critical heel with critical cord was a
dictator who had the intention of
return to thailand the return of the
military dictatorship of exile triggered
very violent protests and the
protesters and the students were
beaten, mutilated, shot, hanged
burned to death
patrick farrow miami photographer
although he captured heart-rending images of
the victims in haiti in 2008 farrow
He documented the Haitian tragedy after
Hurricane Hanna Pass with a
awesome blank photography and
black titled after the storm the
which shows a child trying to
save a stroller from among the
debris
in 2006 the Israeli authorities
they ordered the evacuation of settlements
illegals
oded balilty Israeli photographer of the au
73 was present when the evacuation
of gender in violent confrontations
unprecedented among the settlers and
police officers the image
shows a brave woman resisting
to the authorities
the power of steve blood photos
tour at the time when the
facts of September 11 is
startling
the consequences of the second aircraft
crashing in the world trade center
New York were devastating the
fireballs and smoke were rising
over manhattan and the eruption of
skyscrapers anticipated the collapse of
the towers and the monstrous clouds of
powder
one of the most representative photos and
striking from the aftermath of the tsunami
of the Indian Ocean was taken by the
photographer de reuters
arch dating in tamil nadu won the contest
world press photo of the year 2004 after
of the tsunami shows an indigenous woman
lying on the sand with her arms
extended in mourning by a relative
died his relative killed by one of
the worst natural disasters we have
seen the Indian Ocean tsunami
sample of racial segregation
North American of the decade of the years
30 the hanged ones were accused of
rape though maybe not even
they were guilty because they never became
judged the crowd
prey of fear ignorance and
racism decided to take justice for
his hand ten thousand armed targets were
at the gates of the county jail
to do justice against blacks
accused of raping a white girl
many of the more than 5000 lynchings
documented between the reconstruction in
1960 were perpetrated in the south of
USA
some of these lynch pictures
they were converted into postcards for
demonstrate the strength of supremacy
white
but these photos and the bodies
tortured in front of the crowds
joyful ended up stirring the opinion
American public and raise awareness
that integration was a way
superior of cohabiting
pulitzer prize winner and award
photojournalist in 2005 gene simmons
won the prize for the essay
photographic operation heart of lion is
the story of a 9 year old Iraqi boy
of age that was seriously injured
by an explosion in one of the
most violent conflicts in history
modern the iraq war the boy was
taken to an oakland hospital
california where he had to undergo
dozens of surgeries to life or death his
courage and unwillingness to die him
they were worth the nickname saleh kahlah heart
of Lion
frankfurt nor took the tragic image of
omayra sánchez trapped in the mud and
the buildings collapsed after the
eruption of the snowy volcano of ruiz in
Colombia in 1985 which caused a
massive avalanche of mud and mud that devastated
cities and killed more than 25,000 people
after three days of fighting omaira died of
hypothermia and gangrene his tragic death
accentuated the inability of
Colombian officials in responding to
the tragedy quickly and save the
victims of disaster
frankfurt nor did I take this photo shortly before
that his dying death died was
followed live on television by
hundreds of millions of people around
the world causing a great
controversy and raising awareness
world public opinion
[Music]